O Jehovah, you have given us
a hope that we hold dear.
It’s a hope we find so thrilling
we want the world to hear.
But at times this life’s anxieties
are the cause of fears within,
And the hope that burned so brightly
has suddenly grown dim.
You’re our strength, you’re our hope,
you’re our confidence.
Whatever we lack, you supply.
When we preach, when we teach,
we have confidence
because it’s on you we rely.
So Jehovah, please instill in us
a heart that won’t forget,
For you’ve always been our comfort
when troubled times we’ve met.
And these thoughts
that lift and strengthen us
can revive that dying flame,
For they fill our hearts with courage
to speak about your name.
You’re our strength, you’re our hope,
you’re our confidence.
Whatever we lack, you supply.
When we preach, when we teach,
we have confidence
because it’s on you we rely.